I started studying the Bible
with Jehovah’s Witnesses when I was 14.
The moment I realized that God did exist,
I was so happy and prayed, saying:
“I just assumed you didn’t exist.
Please forgive me.”
Right away, I told my family
that I wouldn’t be able to join
the Christmas and birthday parties
that we cherished.
My mother called all our relatives
and spoke to them in tears as
she told them that her daughter had joined
a terrible religion.
She even told my study conductor
to give back her daughter.
She felt like I was taken from her.
When I observed those things, at times,
I felt as if I was doing something wrong.
But then, I knew
that if I compromised,
Jehovah would be sad.
Jehovah had kindly let me know the truth.
I strongly felt that in order to please him,
I should not give up.
It would have been easier
if I had given up, then.
Yet, I knew that if I did,
I wouldn’t be able to draw
my parents to the truth.
I knew I would get emotional
if I tried to talk with them face-to-face,
so I wrote them letters instead.
I prayed and prayed
and kept telling my mother
how much I appreciated her.
Gradually, she realized
that she hadn’t lost her daughter,
and she was relieved.
Now someone is calling on her, and we have
a very peaceful and pleasant relationship.